README.md, before:


# Terraform template

## Download Terraform
https://askubuntu.com/questions/983351/how-to-install-terraform-in-ubuntu

1. sudo apt-get install unzip
1. https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html - 0.12.19
1. wget https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/0.12.19/terraform_0.12.19_linux_amd64.zip
1. unzip terraform_0.12.19_linux_amd64.zip
1. sudo mv terraform /usr/local/bin/
1. terraform --version

## Download AWS CLI
Install v2

1. curl "https://d1vvhvl2y92vvt.cloudfront.net/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
1. unzip awscliv2.zip
1. sudo ./aws/install

## Install terraform extensions on editor
Visual Code - https://github.com/mauve/vscode-terraform.git

## Terraform Backends
https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/index.html

1. S3 bucket - for state file
1. Database - for locking of state

## AWS Configure
#### Terraform backeds loaded before vars loaded. Terraform can read from ~/.aws/credentials
aws configure --profile terraform

terraform explains using shared credentials - https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/index.html#shared-credentials-file

Commit message:

changes and add of files, add comments

README.md, after:


# Terraform template

A template for backending terraform state files to S3 buckets and a lock status in a DynamoDB table

Backend.tf files are loaded before var files...so you must define state bucket, and dynamodb beforehand. 

vars auto loaded because terraform.tfvars file is autoloaded. Any files with names ending in .auto.tfvars or .auto.tfvars.json would also be autoloaded
https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/variables.html 

## Download Terraform
https://askubuntu.com/questions/983351/how-to-install-terraform-in-ubuntu

1. sudo apt-get install unzip
1. https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html - 0.12.19
1. wget https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/0.12.19/terraform_0.12.19_linux_amd64.zip
1. unzip terraform_0.12.19_linux_amd64.zip
1. sudo mv terraform /usr/local/bin/
1. terraform --version

## Download AWS CLI
Install v2

1. curl "https://d1vvhvl2y92vvt.cloudfront.net/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
1. unzip awscliv2.zip
1. sudo ./aws/install

## Install terraform extensions on editor
Visual Code - https://github.com/mauve/vscode-terraform.git

## Terraform Backends
https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/index.html

1. S3 bucket - for state file
1. Database - for locking of state

## AWS Configure
#### Terraform backends loaded before vars loaded. Terraform can read from ~/.aws/credentials
aws configure --profile terraform # you can put anything here other besides terraform, this is just the name of the profile I created.

terraform explains using shared credentials - https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/index.html#shared-credentials-file
